So I want to show you a trick
in which you can actually get 50% off your AWS exam
if you have taken one before.
So as soon as you pass an AWS exam successfully,
you're going to get tokens, which are going
to give you 50% on your next exam.
And the ones that are unclaimed will be as unclaimed.
So these two are unclaimed right here,
and there's an expiry date.
And then to get the actual exam,
you would click on Claim Benefits.
Once you have claimed a benefit,
they will appear as claimed.
And here you get a voucher code.
So this code right here, you would copy it,
and this will give you 50%.
So how to apply it, well, when you go into your cart
and you are about to pay,
so you click on Proceed to Checkout.
So then you have to enter the payment.
And here you can add a voucher promo code
in this box right here.
And this is the code that you would obtain right here.
So you would get the code and then apply it.
And now you see that I have a discount on my total cost.
So this is great.
So I hope this trick will save you a lot of money.
I hope you liked this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture.